you
I've got a little challenge for you sock
a new recruit what kind of program is he
it's not any kind of program sorry
thanks Glenn
and what you guys call user users wrote
us the user even wrote you I'd like to
go against you
we're a mine you know guest the master
control program
gonna make it play video game I play
video games
come on dick fella let's see what you
got
is that gap that's Tron
the guy was asking about something
different about
you are his
and everything you've done is going to
look like
I don't know how you survive terminate
on the other side of the screen it all
looks so
they think the users are still there
users can no longer have the street lost
my user wants me to go after the mCP
it's just three of us
you should have joined me team nothing
special about you just an ordinary
program so are you
should have been erased
the games Hank in the great
there
program